Draft for section 7.4 on transition of 2.0 and 2.1 in distribution (#991)
oasis-tcs/csaf: csaf_2.1/prose/edit/src/distributing-01-requirements.md

It is possible to advertise more than one `provider-metadata.json` by adding multiple `CSAF` fields,

> e.g. in case of changes to the organizational structure through merges or acquisitions.

Reviewer: small nit 

```suggestion
e.g. in case of changes to the organizational structure through mergers and acquisitions.
```
